docs: explain Renovate config for GitHub Merge Queue (#20452)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/automerge.md

    The page link follows this pattern: `https://github.com/organization-name/repository-name/queue/base-branch-name`.
    For example, here's [Renovate's main repository's Merge Queue overview](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/queue/main).

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning "GitHub Merge Queue is in beta"
    GitHub's Merge Queue feature is labeled as a beta feature by GitHub themselves.
    The Merge Queue may stop working, have bugs, or maybe you need to update your configuration when GitHub changes things.

#### If you use GitHub Actions

If you use GitHub Actions as your CI provider, follow these steps:

1. Add the `on.merge_group` event to your GitHub Action `.yaml` files, for example:

   ```yaml
   on:
     pull_request:
     merge_group:
   ```

1. On `github.com`:
   1. Go to your repository's branch protection rules for your base branch (usually `main`) and enable the "Require merge queue" setting
   1. Confirm you've set the correct "required checks" for your base branch
1. Allow Renovate to automerge by setting `automerge=true` and `platformAutomerge=true` in your Renovate config file, for example:

   ```json

>    {
>      "automerge": true,
>      "platformAutomerge": true
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {
     "platformAutomerge": true,
     "packageRules": [{
       "description": "Automerge non-major updates",
       "matchUpdateTypes": ["minor", "patch"],
       "automerge": true
     }]
   }
```

Recommending automerge=true at root level is not a good idea!

   ```

#### If you don't use GitHub Actions

If you _don't_ use GitHub Actions as your CI provider, follow these steps:

1. Update your CI provider's configuration so it also runs tests on the temporary `gh-readonly-queue/{base_branch}` branches, read your CI providers's documentation to learn how to do this
1. On `github.com`:
   1. Go to your repository's branch protection rules for your base branch (usually `main`) and enable the "Require merge queue" setting
   1. Confirm you've set the correct "required checks" for your base branch

> 1. Allow Renovate to automerge by setting `automerge=true` and `platformAutomerge=true` in your Renovate config file, for example:
> 
>    ```json
>    {
>      "automerge": true,
>      "platformAutomerge": true
>    }
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Allow Renovate to automerge by setting `automerge=true` and `platformAutomerge=true` in your Renovate config file (see earlier example)
   ```
```
